[Music]
over the course of a week shield
director nick fury attempts to recruit
heroes for the avengers initiative but
they are each mysteriously killed
starting with tony stark
i don't want to join your super secret
boy band no no no natasha romanov
injects tony stark with an unexpectedly
fatal injection which was actually
supposed to ease his suffering
inside one week three strange and
separate stories unfolded a genius
battled his demons clint barton
accidentally shoots and kills the god of
thunder thor who came to reclaim his
hammer
later clint barton dies in the shield
custody
natasha romanov was alleged for the
murder of tony stark she managed to
escape and went to see dr ross to find
what was in the needle that caused the
death of tony stark and there's no
traces of lethal pathogens of any kind
your antidote didn't even make it out of
the syringe
natasha found bruce banner in the lab
soon they were confronted by general
ross and his men
hulk explodes of some unknown reason and
romanov is attacked and killed while
investigating the other murders before
she dies romanov tells fury that the
murders are related to hope
these guardians led by loki arrive on
earth to avenge thor you would do best
to kneel before a god fury proposes an
alliance to apprehend the killer what a
fascinating choice of words
fury deduces that hank pym is the
murderer and has been using his
shrinking technology to commit the
murders as revenge for the death of his
daughter hope van dyne who died in the
line of duty as a shield agent loki and
fury defeat him who takes the guard
shield is people loki chooses to stay on
earth for a little longer
fury begins assembling more heroes
finding steve rogers frozen in ice and
summoning carol danvers to earth
so where's the fight
[Music]
you